President Donald Trump has said he expects to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin at an Asian economic summit next week.
'I think it's expected we'll meet with Putin, yeah,' Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Japan on Saturday.
'We want Putin 's help on North Korea, and we'll be meeting with a lot of different leaders.' 
It comes amid strains over sanctions against Moscow, the Syria conflict and the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. 
Trump made the comments before touching down in Japan, where he is scheduled to discuss economic and security issues with regional partners on a 12-day tour of the Far East. 
From there he'll go to South Korea, China and Vietnam, the country in which he will likely meet with Russia's Vladimir Putin.
One of the biggest concerns for America and its Asian allies is North Korea, with tensions soaring since Trump assumed the presidency in January. 
Trump told reporters, however, that his issues rest squarely with the government in Pyongyang. 
'I think they're great people,' Trump said of North Korean citizens.
'They are industrious. They are warm, much warmer than the world really knows or understands. They are great people. And I hope it all works out for everybody.' 
The Kremlin on Friday said talks were under way to set up an encounter at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Danang, Vietnam, from Nov. 8-10. 
'It (the meeting) is indeed being discussed,' Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. 'It's hard to overestimate the importance and significance for all international matters of any contact between the presidents of Russia and the United States.'
Putin and Trump first met at a G20 summit in Hamburg in July when they discussed allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election last year but agreed to focus on better ties rather than litigating the past.
Trump leaves behind a spate of scandals behind, including the indictment of his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort.
The final leg of Trump's trip will be spent in the Philippines, where he will attend the U.S.-ASEAN and East Asia summits and meet for the first time with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. 
Trump made the comments as relations between Moscow and Washington have soured since allegations of Russian meddling in the November general election began to surface. 
Trump in August grudgingly signed off on new sanctions against Russia, a move Moscow said ended hopes for better ties. Putin ordered Washington to cut its embassy and consular staff in Russia by more than half.
Tensions have also flared over the conflict in Syria.